Your webpage interaction relies on an API to give you access to another app's functionality or to retrieve information.
An API(Application Programming Interface) is a gateway to backend data.
APIs allow different apps and services to exchange information or allow access to functionality.

When designing an API, it is important to consider who your end user is. Another thing to consider is who are the users 
who are going to be accessing the data and API and also your services. Be sure to add a layer of security in the form of
credentials to your request in order to preserve that integrity.

HTTP is the most widely used communication protocols for transferring data across the internet.
HTTP: the client sends a request to the web server, the web server processes it and send it back to the user.
HTTPS: the client browser encrypts the request, send it to the web server, the web server decrypts it and process it. Then,
the web server encrypts the result and send it back to the user, the user's browser decrypts the result and render it.

HTTP methods: GET(retrieve), POST(create), PUT(update), PATCH(partially update), DELETE(remove).
HTTP requests consist of these parts: Version type, URL, Method, Request headers, Body(optional)

What is an HTTP Body? When you submit a form like your username and password to sign into a website, that data is passed to the
web server as the HTTP body as either a raw JSON string or a form URL encoded string.
What are HTTP headers? They are a core part of every HTTP request and may contain extra information that helps the server make 
some decisions on how to present the content. Examples of HTTP request headers are cookies, user-agents, and referrers.

HTTP response consists of information that the browser uses to properly display the content and the response body.
The response contains the resource that was requested. It also contains information like the length of the content, content type, 
and headers like cookies. It also contains Etags, the time the content was last modified, and HTTP status codes.
100-199 Informational
200-299 Successful
300-399 Redirection
400-499 Client error
500-599 Server error
